Update the worker to make it more generic (#67)
oamg/rhc-worker-script: README.md

![Tests](https://github.com/oamg/rhc-worker/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/oamg/rhc-worker/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=6MRLOJS2SJ)](https://codecov.io/github/oamg/rhc-worker)

> # RHC Worker Bash
> 
> Remote Host Configuration (rhc) worker for executing bash scripts on hosts
> managed by Red Hat Insights.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this? Also depending on the title change to outline below needed

```suggestion
# RHC Worker

Remote Host Configuration (rhc) worker for executing  scripts on hosts
managed by Red Hat Insights. Interpreter used to execute the script is defined inside the supplied yaml file - served by insights.
```

> - [RHC Worker Bash](#rhc-worker-script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [RHC Worker Script](#rhc-worker-script)
```
